you once have fun no them again
wrong Jews one will be fun
today another ethical comment
9 commentary that school in the region of
my new hit are axes where
forty I have enough in him
used enough to sweep or do
is you can immediately begin
we start the first that is comes
comfort really makes me a team because
there is nothing like it 10 out of 10 that
is quite a clean guys so come
for the nt why he just sees
perfect around your head you can put it
postpone the pillows at your height
you get as you can see its super
says capture here as ships choice
gaming
you just drop me off and you kill him and
I that is by doing you say super together
again handy in terms of staff
movable microphone
had your left or right mine there
Preferred is Kind Oakley
tried but I found something in common
it's my preference
Just go sonically arthur
forty men this really because I'm from
the page 21 that was practiced reasonably well
myself but these sounds occur in my
school
it supports 5.in and even very point
one you have to be sure that you have the
PC settings that we five the one
for the rest, men left there
the super cross in my school
sound settings at settings of
blackops 2 puts it on supercrush
ngo I give an example I'm going to see
stand in pita or bone yellow
of a right it mentions and I hear
someone arrive in bottom blue
6 just in my shoes well we are
back again and do not continue lubricating
sound was arranged considering albert other
yes, the mix m pro because of this bekske
new edition you coped with their base
well from the mix to the big sound button
left right how much noise heard from
the games was music
I will come back to that later and here it
little kopke
chrome button bit much just says
to hear your games was a voice your
chat headset microphone from my on
everyone that person uses something with it
to voice because on super they can do it
sound of that gamer strongly suits
so something to voice is for me
Best
then that the new buttons services or
one you buttons or two choice me for sure
this button is for you deep wonder dolby
digital surround sound
excuse agatha when sitting on it
clothing in a sico of sound gases
behind you, something of your incline is behind you
about you everywhere so just the risk of it
sound at the rear
there are getting ourselves t let your eyes
shrink cried and rights e cup but then
if you go to oldest this button doesn't get it
hot family bought hot tip because just
still hear everyone so you're there
just about dolby surround sound and you
can go beyond this hello to the new one
button the i-cube button with the four macho
but then I can do chemos
start with the one I always have
use des liens from above promoted
what will that do
the accentuates the strong charged I give
an example in call of duty
footsteps
then you are pulled later is tunnel
is all pulled on just yet
walk through the floor in not your promoter
specially designed for call of duty
even or other games
are going to hear everything better and with that we
super cozy maria should have had better
give a small example
for example a copy excuse me from
Jim bottoms on vitamins and standard
yours here is form on the new
mp3 find something super men mp3
I plug in my iphone there and I there
just listen to music while gaming
how blissful there is but I will stay good
games likes call of duty one
gunshot in its further preserved
plus one was too hot with some it is
apparently not i ca n't stay
chat so kind of all-in-one all
arranged by this little wonder buckskin
yes I want to really phenomenal
what you do arnoud the set-up is whole
easy
yes they will all come at all
what quietly put into can continue
thank you wars we little
usb gets a very thin wire very thin
thread
is a usb but i did i found the
AIDS choose to do and certainly made up
super machine you need that power
Keep it constant and reminded me of Sandra
don't really go super so I have my die
on what is possible about my cupboard in my
control used in the hallway
the sound or legs of the mine is there
got a lot better and those kids
buy or use factory s in you
a thin wire for the jesque
lead
so that is tico tico now a small
services where they see when they run from
that 48 2013 edition can of course also
in black and white standard
but recently it is also the 1
series came out as you can see me
did not place the yellow for my type
of course
you can also put it in orange in it
pink for the girls
the red and of course also theo so mama
fall then my is a review about the
headset
I hope you enjoyed it a lot
in the past also to so
for the rest yes like commenting what you like
liked it and then I see you from brother and
then I'll see you ciao next time